hey guys it's me Laura Beth like I
promised I'm going to tell you what is
on my liquid diet / gastric bypass diet
I myself have not had gastric bypass I
don't weigh enough probably easier to to
gain the extra 40 to 50 pounds that are
probably need to get it but anyway we're
going to go ahead and get started with
any diet you need to consult your
physician and this is something that the
results may vary depending on the person
so do not hold me to it okay now liquid
diet it can cause you to go into
starvation mode so when you do you look
with that you need to make sure that you
take in as much calories as you can and
it can also cause you to be constipated
a lot so the things that I use for it
are a good multivitamin any kind of
multivitamin that's good for you and if
you're liking some kind of vitamin this
one that I have may not be good for you
I've also do benefiber you can put it in
anything liquid and just not carbonated
and then I also take liquid cleanse and
flush and what I do with this is / 8
ounces of water put this in here drink
three bottles a day and then I also have
I don't have any of the box but this
right here it's a dieters green tea it's
really good it also helps regulate your
digestive system another thing that I I
have is this right here you can get any
kind you want a pureed fruit but this is
really good this has got a bunch of
green vegetables in it which is really
high in fiber for you it's about 140
calories per serving and there's four
servings in this one I got five boxes of
these I usually go through one of the
day there's 15 calories and there's four
servings applesauce apples are really
high in fiber and they're also good
source of vitamin C I got two of these
in v8 the eight is really good as well
it's high in fiber along with vitamin C
and it will also fill you love so if I
drink one of these I'm usually full and
then I'll eat some drinks and broth and
then I'll turn around and drink a thing
of tomatoes too and I also live on
starbucks coffee no love it and then you
can also get a yogurt yogurt is really
good as well for this liquid diet and if
you are going to eat something just feel
like you you're starving to death and
you need something to eat what I usually
do is I eat a salad now pack out as many
calories as i can because that is
important you want to be able to for
women to get that if you're not
exercising you want to get that minimum
of 1,200 calories and for men you want
to get that minimum of two thousand
calories if you're not working out if
you're working out it'll vary on how
much you need Plus protein so I think
that is about it on my liquid diet if
you just want to try it for a plan to do
it for two weeks and that will help
flush out the body's bad waste and you
should lose about two to three pounds a
week but just make sure that you don't
become anorexic in a way make sure that
you are getting enough calories because
it can cause your body like I said to go
into starvation mode in your body will
absorb every bit of food that it's
getting and turn it into fat so you need
to be careful with that make sure you're
taking it enough calories and I hope it
works for you push your comments and let
me know how it's going and I will check
in with you next week on a way in bye